Okay, so while everything is now complete, you're going to see in this, there's a repository from GitHub for our current projects. and there's also another one from there's another one from So, from Figma, I think it created a repository which has the front-end design because it developed the whole system. Now, you see, we're not using Tailwind, number one, so please make the appropriate Translation into plain CSS and also there are things I need to change about the homepage. The homepage should have something not like the words I saw there. For example, it shouldn't It shouldn't have three powerful dashboards that student, supervisor, and admin are built on real back-end. Like, why is it saying that, right? I don't know. And then it's also giving the API endpoints. I don't know. I think this was just for... I really don't know, honestly. However the things I did like were number one the register the register page Maybe you could beef it up I don know I know there actually nothing to beef up I think this is as easy as it gets Very simple and worth it Another one is the logbook Okay the logbook page is quite nice The student dashboard is very good I like the student dashboard I like actually all the dashboards so please include that in there Now, the supervisor dashboard, I am a bit conflicted because we have two supervisors. We have the workplace supervisor and we have the academic supervisor. I don't know how both of them are going to share the same things because I think one of them is to evaluate the students and one of them is just to review the logbooks. I really do not know. But there needs to be some clarity of what is going on between those two users because both of the supervisors cannot have the same dashboard. You get what I'm saying, but this is a good template for a supervisor dashboard. You get it. So, also the admin dashboard is quite nice. Shows really a good number of things. Yeah. And I like all that is going on. Um, I had, at first, had like some components that I would have loved to add, but maybe I would only add the loader. There is a specific loader that I want you to incorporate inside the stuff. So, here we go. We are going to create the ILEAS Front End Bible 2. What this consists of is going to be the Bible which is explained thoroughly. May I remind you, we are new to programming. So everything that you start writing is a literal marvel to us CSS is fresh to us We do not know these things I seeing there going to be a lot of translates There going to be a lot of border radius There going to be a lot of color changing Please explain that in the Bible okay There going to be a lot of flex boxes There going to be a lot of centering You see, all of those things which constitute a specific part of our project, we need to know it. So, please detail the code in the Bible. I don't even care if it is the longest file you generate because it will have everything that we need. Because we have a technical defense at the end of the day. So, of course, I'd want that to be our reference for either the tests, the exams, and the technical defense. Because how will we defend this application? Okay? Also, I know it's a bit of a long stretch, but I also want dark mode to be part of this. I just feel that as a dark mode boy, I have to have dark mode. So, yes, the navigation bar should not be as you see it with this other repository. It should be, I don't know, but you shouldn't be able to move through student and supervisor, of course. I also don't know what you're going to put for the other pages. For example, my profile, documents, progress, schedule, overview. I don't know what you're going to put there. I think the default is the overview, which is the dashboard. But daily logs could be like the logbook page. My profile, I don't know. You'd have to generate a profile page, documents, document page, a progress page, schedule page, something like that. Because I don't know how these things are going to move. Secondly okay so then when you are splitting the work into the four members so this activity is going to take on two weeks because the react is actually so complicated right now We need the maximum amount of time to try to do these things You are going to write the tickets as well with each member So we are four members You're going to separate the work individually into HTML files so that we do not get confused. And inside the HTML file, you're going to write the ticket so that it makes it easier for me, the team leader, to create the ticket and put it in linear for them. So, yes, that is it. That is, I think, all that needs to be done. Anything that needs to be further done in backend, please communicate. But as for now, with this we would have completed our prototype. I think so. And now we'll just be doing some functional things like, you know, creating an internship placement. Oh yeah, by the way, I have not seen a way of creating an internship placement. Because even though you are a student, how are you going to create an internship placement? You get, these are some of the things I need to know how to do in our UI, where it is, how to do what. Because the internship placement is what is going to drive everything. The supervisor. So the student should literally be connected to an internship placement. If he's not, then I guess there should be a login form or some kind of form for an internship placement or to request an internship placement or to place an internship placement. I don't know. I don't even know how this app is supposed to work. I don't even know how useful it is, but you are our guide. So yes, that is what I wanted to say.